The last person who went to a concert.
The last person who performed in public.
The last person who visited a different country.
Who visited the furthest country most recently?
Who ate the biggest breakfast?
Who has the most unread emails?
Who has the least unread emails?
Who has the most browser tabs open?
Who has the least browser tabs open?
Who is wearing the most of the color blue?
Who has the most alarms set on their phone?
Who has the most files on their desktop?
Who has the most things in their pocket?
Who got the most sleep last night?
Who gave the last hug?
Who gave the last high five?
The last person to finish reading a book.
The last person to talk to a relative out of the home.
The last person who hosted a party.
The last person to pet an animal.
The last person who went to a lake.
The last person who went to a river.
The last person who went to the ocean.
The last person who harvested a fruit or vegetable.
The last person who went camping.
The last person who watched a movie.
The last person who flossed their teeth.
The last person who planted a seed in soil.
The last person who potted a plant.
The last person who made a gift for someone.
The last person who listened to a full LP (album).
The last person who cooked for someone else.
The last person who doodled a doodle.
The last person who danced.
The last person who held a baby.
The last person who flew in a plane.
The last person who rode on a train.
The last person who took the subway.
Who woke up the earliest?
Who most recently played an instrument?
Who most recently made a hot beverage?
Who recently drank a full glass of water?
The last person who squeezed some juice.
The last person who went to a birthday party.
The last person who turned on a light.
The last person who went to a museum.
The last person who got a new article of clothing.
The last person who touched dirt.
The last person who spun a top.
The last person who threw a ball.
The last person who had a stare down with an animal.
The last person who finished a comicbook/graphic novel.
The last person who took a photo.
The last person who took a photo with a family member.
The last person to sit near a fire.
The last person to visit a waterfall.
The last person to empty the trash.
